+++
title = "Mean survival time by ordered fractions of population with censored data"
date = 2018-06-16T19:05:29+02:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-06-16T17:00:29+02:00
# time_end = 2018-06-16T19:05:29+02:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We propose a novel approach for estimating mean survival time in the presence of censored data, in which we divide the population under study into survival-ordered fractions defined by a set of proportions, and compute the mean survival time for each fraction separately. Our approach provides a detailed picture of the distribution of the time variable while preserving the appealing interpretation of the mean. Our measure proves to be of great use in applications, particularly those where we are able to detect differences in mean survival across groups for certain fractions of the population that would have been overlooked using other available methods."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "33rd International Workshop on Statistical Modelling 2018"
event_url = "https://people.maths.bris.ac.uk/~sw15190/IWSM2018/index.html"

# Location of event.
location = "Bristol, UK"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/IWSM2018.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
